# Web-Development
This is where I will upload the projects I work on as I progress through my web development journey. 
I took an Internet Applications (CGS 3175) course in the fall of 2022 and I learn HTML and CSS along with some Javascript and PHP. I would say that I am proficient in HTML and CSS and a beginner in Javascript and PHP. I also took a Database Concepts (2545) course  in the fall of 2022 and I hope to combine my skills in both web delvelopment and database management as I work on my Information Technology degree at the University of Central Florida.

gardenhose.html and greenthumb.html contain the first two projects I worked on in my internet applications class and I hope to combine the different aspects of both projects into a blog about my gardening and plant journey. While they may be a bit sloppy, it was only my first time trying front end development and I am proud of what I was able to accomplish during the semste and I only hope to keep on imporving from here.

greenthumb.html was the first project I worked on in my Internet Applications class and it was based off of my favorite hobby. Working with html wasn't too difficult for me but introducing CSS and Flexbox was a big learning curve for me. I was proud of what I was able to accomplish my first time working with CSS.

gardenhose.html was the second and final project I worked on in my Intenet Applications class; the assignment was to create a responsive retail website with 6 webpages. After workign on my first project, there were many improvements I wanted to make on my approach to CSS for this project and making sure it was a responsive website added another challenge. I knew that I wanted the website to have some sort of gardening theme but it took me a while to come up with the name, which usually helps me unravel the rest of the theme as creating the logo gives me the foundation I use to develop a theme. With the help of my brother and soem friends, I gathered inspiration that lead to the final product of the website. I did attempt to create a working shopping cart with JavaScript but programming isn't really my strong suit and I put that mini project on pause, but I hope to find resources to help me learn JavaScript and Full-Stack Web Development. 

Both of these projects, along with preparing my garden for the spring, have inspired me to create a blog/store for my gardening and houseplant journey. Plants have really helped me cope with my anxietied and stress and I want to share my experiences and tips, and give others a space to do the same. I want to make it easier for beginners to find the information and resources they need to start their journey. While I know developing this idea is a lengthy process, I will take it one step at a time as I am still in working towards my major. 
